chore(docs): re-structuring how-to-guides (#16758)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/developers/guides/js_apps/how_to_test.md

> Import `aztecjs`. This is an example of some functions and types you might need in your test:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Import `aztec.js`. This is an example of some functions and types you might need in your test:
```

```typescript
import { getInitialTestAccountsData } from '@aztec/accounts/testing';

> import { type AccountWallet, AztecAddress, Fr, type PXE, TxStatus, createPXEClient, waitForPXE } from '@aztec/aztec.js';

Reviewer: AccountWallet doesn't exist

import { CheatCodes } from '@aztec/aztec/testing';
import { MyTokenContract } from './artifacts/MyTokenContract';
```

You should also import the [Typescript class you generated](../smart_contracts/how_to_compile_contract.md#typescript-interfaces):

```typescript
import { MyTestContract } from './artifacts/MyTestContract';
```

## Create a PXE client

Currently, testing Aztec.nr smart contracts means testing them against the PXE that runs in the local sandbox. Create a PXE client:

```typescript
const PXE_URL = process.env.PXE_URL || 'http://localhost:8080';

> const pxe = createPXEClient(PXE_URL);

Reviewer: it would be good to show how to do this on testnet as well. Since this shows up in a few places, it might be worth making its own page.

Author: I think it's good to have the guides be generic on both situations, since it tells the reader "how to do something". We don't necessarily want users to have to read another page with tons of irrelevant info just to know how to do one specific thing on the testnet

I'll add a little paragraph on how to do this stuff on the testnet

Author: Actually as I look at it, seems like I'm duplicating a ton of info from the getting started guide. This guide should be more straight to the point. A new reader would have to jump through multiple pages if they don't have a PXE yet but that's not a concern of the guides (that's the purpose of the learning journey). Also LLMs would fill up their context with unrelated stuff

  .send({ from: ownerAddress })
  .deployed();
```

Alternatively, you can [create a new account.](./how_to_create_account.md).

## Write tests

### Calling and sending transactions

You can send transactions within your tests with Aztec.js. Read how to do that in these guides:

- [Simulate a function](./how_to_simulate_function.md)
- [Send a transaction](./how_to_send_transaction.md)

### Using debug options

You can use the `debug` option in the `wait` method to get more information about the effects of the transaction. This includes information about new note hashes added to the note hash tree, new nullifiers, public data writes, new L2 to L1 messages, new contract information, and newly visible notes.

This debug information will be populated in the transaction receipt. You can log it to the console or use it to make assertions about the transaction.

```typescript
const tx = await contract.methods.my_function(param1, param2)
  .send({ from: senderAddress })
  .wait({ debug: true });

// Access transaction effects for debugging
const txEffects = await pxe.getTxEffect(tx.txHash);

> console.log('New note hashes:', txEffects.noteHashes);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
console.log('New note hashes:', txEffects.data.noteHashes);
```

> console.log('New nullifiers:', txEffects.nullifiers);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
console.log('New nullifiers:', txEffects.data.nullifiers);
```

> console.log('Public data writes:', txEffects.publicDataWrites);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
console.log('Public data writes:', txEffects.data.publicDataWrites);
```

We can check that a call to a private function would fail by simulating it locally and expecting a rejection. Remember that all private function calls are only executed locally in order to preserve privacy. As an example, we can try transferring more tokens than we have, which will fail an assertion with the `Balance too low` error message.

```typescript
const call = token.methods.transfer(recipientAddress, 200n);
await expect(call.simulate({ from: ownerAddress })).rejects.toThrow(/Balance too low/);
```

Under the hood, the `send()` method executes a simulation, so we can just call the usual `send().wait()` to catch the same failure.

```typescript
const call = token.methods.transfer(recipientAddress, 200n);
await expect(call.simulate({ from: ownerAddress })).rejects.toThrow(/Balance too low/);
```

#### A transaction is dropped

> We can have private transactions that work fine locally, but are dropped by the sequencer when tried to be included due to a double-spend. In this example, we simulate two different transfers that would succeed individually, but not when both are tried to be mined. Here we need to `send()` the transaction and `wait()` for it to be mined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can have private transactions that work fine locally, but are dropped by the sequencer when tried to be included due to an existing nullifier. In this example, we simulate two different transfers that would succeed individually, but not when both are tried to be mined. Here we need to `send()` the transaction and `wait()` for it to be mined.
```
Make the reference more generic

```

#### A public call fails locally

Public function calls can be caught failing locally similar to how we catch private function calls. For this example, we use a [`TokenContract` (GitHub link)](https://github.com/AztecProtocol/aztec-packages/blob/master/noir-projects/noir-contracts/contracts/app/token_contract/src/main.nr) instead of a private one.

```typescript
const call = token.methods.transfer_in_public(ownerAddress, recipientAddress, 1000n, 0);
await expect(call.simulate({ from: ownerAddress })).rejects.toThrow(/underflow/);
```

#### A public call fails on the sequencer

This will submit a failing call to the sequencer, who will include the transaction, but without any side effects from our application logic. Requesting the receipt for the transaction will also show it has a reverted status.

```typescript
const call = token.methods.transfer_in_public(ownerAddress, recipientAddress, 1000n, 0);
const receipt = await call.send({ from: ownerAddress }).wait({ dontThrowOnRevert: true });

// Check the transaction was reverted
expect(receipt.status).toEqual(TxStatus.APP_LOGIC_REVERTED);

// Verify state wasn't modified

> const ownerPublicBalanceSlot = await cheats.aztec.computeSlotInMap(

Reviewer: I dont think we described how to set up `cheats` yet. Oh I see it is below, it may be worth bringing that section up higher in this doc given cheat codes are referenced

We can query the PXE for the public logs emitted in the block where our transaction is mined.

```typescript
// Emit a public event
const value = Fr.fromHexString('0xef');
const tx = await testContract.methods.emit_public(value)
  .send({ from: ownerAddress })
  .wait();

// Query for the logs
const filter = {
  fromBlock: tx.blockNumber!,
  limit: 1, // We expect 1 log
};

const logs = (await pxe.getPublicLogs(filter)).logs;
expect(logs[0].log.getEmittedFields()).toEqual([value]);
```

> ## Cheats

Reviewer: Maybe move this section up
